## Role-Based Access Control (RBAC)

17. **Explain the different user roles defined in your project (ANONYMOUS, AUTHENTICATED, MANAGER, ADMIN) and their permissions.**

As was noted in Q16, I'll go into more detail of each of the user roles that are found in this project.

**ADMIN** and **MANAGER**
- As noted in Q16, only user roles of admin and manager are able to fully manage end users for the project.
- For this project, these are the highest level roles with the greatest permissions.
- In addition to managing users, these roles can also:
    - Manage events for users
    - Update accounts
    - Adjust login and registration for users

**AUTHENTICATED**
- This role has fewer permissions than admin and manager, but has more permissions than a user with a role of anonymous.
- A role that is authenticated indicates that this type of user is able to sign-in, register an account and retrieve their own account information.
- Additionally, this role helps higher level roles understand they have successfully logged in and should now have a JWT associated with their account/role.

**ANONYMOUS**
- Last but not least, this is the final role found within this project and this role has the LEAST permissions.
- As this role has not been authenticated, and it is not an admin or manager level role, this role should only be able to login to their account and register an account.
- Over time, as a user is more involved in a project, they could have their role adjusted (depending on the circumstances).