## FastAPI and Pydantic

2. **Outline the complete process of handling a user login request in your FastAPI application. Provide a step-by-step explanation with code examples from the project.**

    - Before navigating to the FastAPI application url, ensure you have everything correctly set up within your application and associated files.
    - After that, follow these steps:
        1) Head to your browser of choice and get to localhost:8000/docs , this will provide a detailed look into the API for your application.
        2) Scroll down to the **Login and Registration** area in order to register a new user via a POST method.
        3) Expand the /register/ so that you can now verify and test that a user is able sign-in.
        4) Find the button with a grey outline at the top right of the container that is labeled, "Try it out". Click this button first.
        5) After completing step 4, now click on the big blue button labeled "Execute" under the Response Body section.
        6) Now to verify the success of this new user being registed, navigate to the /login/ to test if this newly registered user can sign in.
        7) Just like what was done in step 4, click on the "Try it out" button to attempt a login within this new registered user.
        8) All login info provided from previous section will be used here in order to sign in, in this case, a sample email of john.doe@example.com
        9) Utilize the sample password provided with the email above in step 8.
        10) Finally, like what was done in step 5, click the "Execute" button to confirm if login with this new registered user is successful.
        11) Verify success here with the response codes as seen below.

Below is code I found that demonstrates this process, via the [user_routes.py](../app/routers/user_routes.py) for logging out.
```python
@router.post("/logout", tags=["Login and Registration"])
async def logout(response: Response):
    response = RedirectResponse(url="/", status_code=status.HTTP_303_SEE_OTHER)
    response.delete_cookie(key="access_token")
    return response
```